Update using-mcp.mdx (#1572)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/using-ngrok-with/using-mcp.mdx

Some of the smartest folks on the internet are already using ngrok to do this in seconds.

:::tip Building with LLMs?

> We'd love for you to weigh in on [**ngrok's AI Gateway**](https://ngrok.ai)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want your feedback!
Sign up for early access to [ngrok's AI Gateway](https://ngrok.ai) and our team will reach out to learn more about your needs.
```
